so to make the sugar rose first of all
you need some fondant or legal ice such
as this one and the first thing we must
do is needed really well until it's nice
and smooth if it's dry and brittle your
rose petals or just crack and break and
won't stick to your rose so need it
really really well when it's really
smooth break off a piece how big depends
on how big you want your room so I've
got to pee say about the size of a golf
ball give it a good roll and then roll
it out into a sausage shape round about
10 centimeters in length
I'm now going to cut this into five
pieces with one piece just a little bit
bigger than the others she's going to be
that end pieces a little bit fatter take
each of the smaller pieces and run into
a ball so you've got four round balls
and you slightly bigger piece roll into
a ball at first and then just roll it in
one direction so it's a bit of a
cylinder in shape cylindrical like that
now i'm going to put each of the round
falls into a small sandwich bag not
right into the corner put with plenty
space around each of the balls so the
four round balls go in and then finally
the cylinder cone shaped piece i'm now
going to press with my finger using the
very end of the finger from the last
joints down to the nail so starting with
the last joint I'm just going to roll a
finger and press down quite firmly so
the tat have a very thin end to the
petal or a thicker side where the joint
of my finger is and I do this to each of
the pieces that have in the bag so that
they all have a nice thin edge at one
side and a slightly thicker edge at the
other
okay to to start the road and check out
the largest cylindrical-shaped petal
which of course now is buttoned take it
out very careful not to rip it so we
have the top quite thin edge and the
bottom edge which is a little thicker so
laying it flat on the mat we're going to
start off by doing is just folding over
the top right-hand corner as if you were
marking the page in a book you know
you're not supposed to do and then we're
going to roll the bottom across from
right to left to form it into a sort of
a cylindrical shape like that okay and
this wider edge of the cylinder is the
base of the rose board and if you look
at the top you can see that that does
look like the center of a rose and then
just stand that and just sort of press
it down onto your mat or plate so they
stay still while you start to attach the
other petals we then take each of the
petals in turn out of the bag and we
arrange them around our central good
with obviously the thinner part at the
top and you can fill in a little bit
more at this stage if you like and we
just attach it at the base and just let
it curl naturally back away from the
center of the rose we take each of them
in turn and attach them just overlap in
the previous one
as you attach the petals if if the fonda
becomes sticky at any stage you can use
a little bit of sift corn flour on your
fingers but use that sparingly because
it can dry out the fondant and as you as
you're attaching to make sure the petals
a higher than that central board if the
central block the body is projected
higher than the petals it really doesn't
look natural ok when the less petals arm
we're just going to nip around the base
to take off this excess bonus on turning
the rose and just nip in the fondant
until it finally just breaks off and
then we can just pull the petals out a
little bit and there we have our rose so
while it's drying I prefer to have it on
a plate covered in cling film so that it
doesn't stick and just allowing one of
the petals to curl over the edge of the
plate like that until until they're dry
and they have your own